Bai Feng has not found Ye Lao yet
But one will see him again
But Ye Lao shouldn't have been there for a day
Really?
Ye Lao has experienced too many storms and waves in his life
He will definitely be with him
Hello, did you find it?
It hasn't been wasted for so long and hasn't been found yet.
Is the boss dead too?
Don't worry, the old man won't die so easily
Keep looking
Live to see people
It's the boss who wants to see the corpse
Sorry boss
Startled you
What's the matter with Qi Tian?
That Qi Tian is very strong
But if it wasn't for Ye Yao's deeds today
It has been successful
I don't want to hear excuses
I'm not good at learning
Ask the boss to punish himself
If your master makes a move
What are the odds?
Master is the first master in our country
More than enough to deal with Qi Tian
But I don't want to hear you, but ask your master to come
Whatever the conditions are
I tried my best to convince the master
7 days of night tour
You can get in my way
Must die